#Meeting 1 September 2015

##New tools
[Value Proposition Canvas](https://strategyzer.com/books/value-proposition-design): A tool for defining the context to work in, finding the possible values that we can provide

##Idea

###A multi-context game
* A small game that you play at the bus jsonStop, together with everyone else playing at your jsonStop. Success means you increase the "charge" on your "battery", which you will use during gameplay on the bus.
    * Notifictations when someone on your jsonStop plays such a game.
* You can build extra charge (or points) by beeping your card on the bus, then holding it to your phone. (NFC technology)
* A game that you play on the bus, where your position and maybe other factors on the bys influence the game. 
* A long term leaderboard for the game. One winner every week wins travel pass or other fun stuff, and one more winner is drawn by chance (more points means better chances). Monthly winner wins something cooler. Yaerly winner wins electric bike?
* A short term leaderboard, for the bus you are on, and also which bus is leading in total.
* A chatroom in the app, maybe related to the game. See other people on your bus, as well as other buses.

####Value offers
#####For traveller
* More fun travelling with gameplay.
* Bus being late is less of a problem – it helps you in-game!
* Possibility to win prices.
* Meeting new people if you are gregarious (playing together, chatting)

#####For stakeholders
######Västtrafik
* Happier customers that are less angry with delays
* Travelling data: Where do people get on and off?

##Inspirations for game on the bus
* [Runno](runno.me) – running app for building your kingdom.
* Farmville – raise cash in one game that you use later.
